This is not ideal.
At least we're not hanging under the car.
This isn't much better.
Echo, get this car moving.
The explosions must've knocked out power
to the rail line.
I can try to reboot the system,
but I will need to plug directly into
one of the terminals on the track.
You three, give us cover.
Tech, up top with me.
Whoa!
I am plugged in. Stand by.
Six detonations confirmed.
Multiple casualties reported.
Sir, we've engaged insurgents trapped
on the rail line.
Send in air support to shoot them down.
But, sir, our own troops
are trapped on the rail line.
They could get caught in the cross fire.
I am aware. Do it.
We've got three ships inbound.
Where? I can't see them.
Tech, we need power.
Echo, now!
We're online.
Whoa!
Come on, Tech! Hurry!
I am climbing as fast as I can.
Tech!
Why aren't we moving?
The car's being ripped from the track.
Wrecker, get him on board.
Whoa!
Don't!
Any shift in weight could send
both of these cars over.
You must sever the connection hinge. Now!
Not until you're up here.
There is no time, Wrecker.
Plan 99.
Don't you do it, Tech!
When have we ever followed orders?
No!
Tech!
- Omega!
- Go back! Go back!
The car's going too fast.
The system's fried.
I can't stop it.
Move! Look out!
Tech.
Omega!
We have to get her out of here.
I got you, kid.
Incoming! Get to the Marauder.
Come on! Come on!
Head to Ord Mantell.
AZI can help her.
Hurry!
Hunter?
Hiya, kid.
W-What happened?
Hello, Omega. I am relieved you are awake.
You each sustained multiple injuries.
However, you all will make a full recovery
with proper treatment and rest.
You're-- You're okay.
Don't scare us like that again.
How do you feel?
I don't know.
The last thing that I remember,
we were in the railcar when...
Where's Tech?
Omega,
Tech didn't make it.
We have to go back!
What if he's hurt? He-- He needs us.
Tell him, Wrecker.
We can't just leave him!
Omega...
No!
Tech's not gone!
He-- He can't be!
I-- I know, kid.
Why did Tech do that?
He didn't let us save him.
He knew we were out of time.
Tech put the squad ahead of himself.
He made a sacrifice, Omega,
and we're not gonna waste it.
What does that mean?
The galaxy has changed, and so have we.
It's time to put being soldiers behind us
for good.
Wrecker and I think Pabu could be a good
place to make a new life for ourselves.
And the rest of it, well,
we can figure out along the way.
Omega, is that something you want?
Then that's what we'll do.
Here. This one's on the house.
It won't help.
I'm sorry about Goggles.
I always liked him.
Yeah. Me too.
What is it?
Hunter, the Empire's here.
Hunter, do you copy?
Wrecker?
They're jamming our comms.
No, stay here.
I'll find them.
What's with you?
You know,
I tried to look out for you boys.
But you got too much heat on you.
And you brought it here
to my place of business.
I had to make the best of a bad situation.
What did you do?
Sorry, Muscles.
Huh?
- What's happening?
- It's the Empire.
Take the mining tunnels to the spaceport
and find Echo.
I'll get Wrecker.
But you're injured.
You can't fight them alone.
Omega, you and AZI need to go.
That's an order!
Omega? We must keep moving.
I can't do it, AZI.
I already lost Tech.
I'm not gonna lose them too.
Come on.
That's not very strategic, Hunter.
You don't need to use your enhanced senses
to know you're outnumbered.
The Empire thanks you for your assistance.
Our business is done. Leave.
I do not agree
with this course of action, Omega.
It is not safe.
It will be if you keep quiet.
Please,
consider your next move very carefully.
I would hate for this to end poorly
for both of you.
Here is how this is going to go.
You will lower your blaster
and hand over Omega.
And I will allow you to keep breathing.
Omega's not going anywhere with you.
Oh.
Well, who knew clones are so paternal?
Fascinating.
I was saddened to learn
of your friend's demise.
What was his name?
Oh, yes. Tech.
I'm afraid this was all I could salvage.
Consider it a gift.
To lose one of your own, it must
weigh heavily on you as their leader.
And if you don't lower the blaster now,
you will lose yet another.
Wise decision.
Sir, the girl's not in the office.
She's long gone.
Like I said,
Omega's not going anywhere with you.
Hmm.
We'll see.
AZI, find Echo.
I'll try to stall them as long as I can.
Lower your weapons.
Hello, Omega.
We were just talking about you.
Let them go!
Omega, run!
I won't let them take you.
How about an exchange?
If you come with me,
your friends will live.
I don't believe you.
I did not come here for them, Omega.
I came to return you to Nala Se.
She needs your help.
He's lying. They killed the Kaminoans.
Incorrect.
Nala Se is alive and well cared for.
As you will be.
I'm not going with you.
Omega, look out!
Scour the city. When you find
the third clone, send them back to Eriadu.
Governor Tarkin wishes
to question you personally.
Troopers are everywhere.
We cannot sneak past them.
Then we do the opposite.
- Echo?
- Gotta be Echo.
- Where's Omega?
- That Imperial took her.
It was Hemlock.
We've gotta stop his shuttle from leaving.
Whoa!
Hunter, we need to go!
Get to the Marauder!
There was no way to track Hemlock's ship.
He could have taken Omega anywhere.
We are going to get her back.
And we don't stop searching until we do.
Have Emerie see to her injuries.
Yes, Doctor.
Why did they bring me here?
Your prime minister mentioned you had
an attachment to the young clone,
so I've returned her to you.
Perhaps now you will reconsider working
on the Emperor's project.
What he seeks is not possible.
Make it possible.
If you refuse or fail,
Omega will suffer the consequences.
Wait here.
Crosshair!
Crosshair?
You must be Omega.
What did you do to Crosshair?
He's recovering.
I tried to warn him what would happen
if he did not cooperate with the doctor.
I want to talk to Nala Se.
Ironic.
You trust the Kaminoan, but not me.
I don't know you.
No?
You might know me better than you think.
We're sisters, Omega.